g'day guys did you I did you're making a
quick video to show that v7s can run as
a controller and not as a formative
sound card for sarado so for those of
you who have say 62 or any of the 60
range and run v7s who got told that they
got ripped off and shouldn't abort that
because they don't work together and
it's a waste of three grand I'm showing
you that it wasn't and it can work
there's no RCA's and luck just one USB
going straight to the laptop one XLR
going somewhere speaker with these
sevens I have a link cable which is
going to another v7 and then one USB
going to laptop only two USBs in there
and some music I'll start up and I'll
show you it's on USB
so how does open turning on the mix-up
recognizing the mix-up this all happened
before that was normal
they're turning these on turn one on
turn the other one pretty much straight
after it hopefully at links and
recognizes it doesn't there's the master
trick use don't worry if he servants if
you're looking at this you know pretty
much everything there's tonight except
the fact that it is possible because I
uh tried out and I said no no way
well you select his work use work
everything works load other channel
select his work load IQs Elliott
Hugh's load
binky's work to show that USB EQ is
working on your mixer which will not
work obviously unless it's running USB
so they are both working that works as
well
everything works handy Dory
everyone Toby everything's perfect dude
have you guys didn't have to buy shitty
CDJs ladders